No guts, no story. -Chris Brady
My life is my message.- Mahatma Gandhi
Screw it, let’s do it. -Richard Branson
Boldness be my friend. -William Shakespeare
Keep going. Be all in.- Bryan Hutchinson
My life is my argument.- Albert Schweitzer
Leave no stone unturned.- Euripides
Fight till the last gasp. -William Shakespeare
Stay hungry. Stay foolish. –Steve Jobs 
You can if you think you can. -George Reeves
Whatever you are, be a good one. -Abraham Lincoln
Impossible is for the unwilling. -John Keats
The wisest mind has something yet to learn. –George Santanaya
The past does not equal the future. -Tony Robbins
Good things happen to those who hustle. -Anaïs Nin
If it matters to you, you’ll find a way. -Charlie Gilkey
Forget about style; worry about results. Bobby Orr
Whatever you do, do with all your might.- Marcus Tullius Cicero
Every noble work is at first impossible. -Thomas Carlyle
If you’re going through hell, keep going. -Winston Churchill
We are twice armed if we fight with faith. -Plato
Be faithful to that which exists within yourself. -André Gide
Persistence guarantees that results are inevitable.- Paramahansa Yogananda
In life you need either inspiration or desperation. -Tony Robbins
I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees. -Euripides
The true success is the person who invented himself. -Al Goldstein
Let him that would move the world first move himself. -Socrates
Go forth on your path, as it exists only through your walking. -Augustine of Hippo
We can do anything we want to if we stick to it long enough.- Helen Keller
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. -Confucius
Life is fragile. We’re not guaranteed a tomorrow so give it everything you’ve got. -Tim Cook
The two most important days in your life are the day you are born and they day you find out why. -Mark Twain
Each day provides its own gifts. –Marcus Aurelius
Try Again. Fail again. Fail better. – Samuel Beckett
Nothing is worth more than this day. -Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Focus on the journey, not the destination. -Greg Anderson
Believe you can and you’re halfway there. -Theodore Roosevelt
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible. -Christopher Reeve
The first step is you have to say that you can. -Will Smith
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with. -W. C. Fields
If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else. -Booker T. Washington
Don’t go through life, grow through life. -Eric Butterworth
A problem is a chance for you to do your best. -Duke Ellington
You are amazing. As you are. Stronger than you know. More beautiful than you think. –Tia Sparkles
If you are not too long, I will wait here for you all my life. -Oscar Wilde
To the world you may be one person, but to one person you are the world. -Bill Wilson
I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you. -Ray Croft
You have to be odd to be number one. -Dr. Seuss 
Please all, and you will please none. -Aesop
The fool wonders, the wise man asks. -Benjamin Disraeli
A man can’t ride your back unless it’s bent. -Martin Luther King Jr.
Chop your own wood and it will warm you twice. -Henry Ford
Some people are so poor, all they have is money. -Jack Kerouac
All generalizations are false, including this one. -Mark Twain
It’s not what you look at that matters, it’s what you see. -Henry David Thoreau
There is no saint without a past, no sinner without a future. -Augustine of Hippo 
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. -Winston Churchill
It’s no wonder that truth is stranger than fiction. Fiction has to make sense. -Mark Twain
The man who wants to lead the orchestra must turn his back on the crowd. -James Crook
What counts can’t always be counted; what can be counted doesn’t always count. –Albert Einstein
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. -Leonardo da Vinci
Life is not about how fast you run or how high you climb, but how well you bounce. -Vivian Komori
Concentration is the ability to think about absolutely nothing when it is absolutely necessary. -Ray Knight
It is better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to open one’s mouth and remove all doubt. -Mark Twain
Seek the seeker. -Ramana Maharshi
No pressure, no diamonds. -Thomas Carlyle
Every wall is a door. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
The only truth is music. -Jack Kerouac
Stay foolish to stay sane. -Maxime Lagacé
If youth knew; if age could. -Sigmund Freud
Time is the soul of this world. -Pythagoras
He not busy being born is busy dying. -Bob Dylan
It takes a long time to become young. -Pablo Picasso
Innocence is courage and clarity both. -Osho
Find what you love and let it kill you. Charles Bukowski
Sadness flies away on the wings of time. -Jean de La Fontaine
I am not young enough to know everything. -Oscar Wilde
It is not length of life, but depth of life. -Ralph Waldo Emerson
Life is like the ocean, it goes up and down. -Vanessa Paradis
You’ve gotta know what death is to know life. -Jack K